[Music]
made me spit out the string let's see this
clip this excerpt I want to politicize
this excerpt I
do it
completely
direct
because he said he wanted to correct it I said
virgin dude youtube is going to cancel
turbo plan
[ __ ] now let's watch the video the whole
plan I think listening to myself as a family
incredible incredible this video
writing the live and tomorrow I won't know
what to watch and I'll return to the Joan
Plana controversy well listen to me family and vice has
spoken about those of el salsero that
is the only thing you have told me when
someone clicks I have
not seen anything because I wanted to
react completely in life
then I don't know what he is going to say
if I like it we upload it and if I don't like it
we discard it and we go to something else but
and vice speaks and gives his opinion
on the sal it was done
by the way there is paula do you know something of
success and games of call of duty I
did a 49 1 with the hacr and I wanted you to
have it on youtube worth the visits
that we would have at that time 5,000
visits 2010 thousand 15 some
we made the video for that reason and the fight that was
on youtube at that time and the salsero
you know why there was salt there was a
time on youtube because we said that it is you do
n't know anything about him today it's not that I
sent him
a video the video and we're leaving this
then I think that
before entering
okay he also told me that cool okay
tomorrow there's a video on the
main channel family to
which he says and I dance of the salsero
tomorrow there's a video on the
main channel that really don't expect it
but they've worked hard because the report they
have looked for it especially aiden and
pau helped the street brutal
brutal really brutal I have little left to
add brutal
if willy the gameplays that he did sometimes
pulled the cable and that he looked for
bad people it seems his for example and of the coz
now we are all [ __ ] day yes
with andorra the script or coins that
the salsero noticed that I don't know that at that
time the sal it will be seen that willy did not
wear a silencer I really say it
man it was a [ __ ] time but we said
[ __ ] look a point gameplay goes
against bad is that he said [ __ ]  it is or rather
the salt whistles are going away today
now well obviously it is possible
that paulo will collect so
as a comedian I am very good in fact
that paula is not [ __ ] [ __ ] I am going to
check joke wait I am going to check the
group that I made I think she did not do
[ __ ] [ __ ] look let's see
[Music]
the one that in fact did not do the [ __ ] [ __ ] I am
telling you the truth look suddenly I
asked hayden hey is there good in
the group of the three okay in the group
where are the three of us if they notice not
after various okay in the group of the
three well I told you guys what do you
think if I am going to make a video about
this but on the main channel but
what we are going to do is that we are going to
try
and we are going to try
to see if you can find me click of
this
because I do not want to reveal the subject but
well he is around five minutes after
starting look over here pimpi found the
cli that I told him and paula the only thing she
did was quote the tweet from air and
say that efficiency
then another whatsapp another whatsapp from
paula to the  half an hour he's there
demanding tweets I tell him send me a
tweet about I don't know what and he tells me it's
coming to the capture at
that time he revealed the subject of the
video tomorrow and I want that surprise but he
sent me a screenshot that
he has searched on twitter for a word and
nothing comes up so there is
nothing and it tells me I tried to search but there is
nothing
and then later it
tells me do you want to charge
the fabric support air check joke that
what I'm saying is exactly as it is then
after a while I ask him hey guys
this tweet from this tri that he sent me
air the context but of course they are things about
video games and there are things that
escape me and he gave him this I had the context
which ones don't you want that when I
downloaded yes thank you very much and welcome
and it tells me there is a screenshot
of the twitter account of the guy
we are talking about and he tells me would open without h would open
without h we
would have to look for the work account we
would have to look for we
would have to look like yes although I
would have to look for thanks
no no it's
the next one the next one from kutxa the
next one in  walt requires now read
the conversation and understand why paula
doesn't charge
listen to the next joke she sends
okay she goes
there to swim tell me she calls and
now I ask her about the choca thing and she
puts paulo javi but you talked
to choca in the skins game send him
a dm and ask him for the info
but basically
basically I did the brave thing he wants it
or not to be here he's a crying frog I
tell him I'm not going to ask choca
because I don't like it the less he asks
the youtubers the less he owes them and better
a crying frog okay and now after a while I
tell him we have to do it we
look here look go and puts him at your
orders boss I will continue investigating
continue I will continue investigating I mean it's
coming there is demand there is brutal in
tomorrow's video on the main channel the
base the base I found it and from here from
this video found this I knew how to live to
this look at another all air
and I say and I say well
but we should find this we
should find we should find I do
n't know I want to do
how much and I tell him for sure sure that if
you search on twitter to
find some
kind of
report for you
maybe not  there is something like this
and again the book
and I put
good to search a little that I'm going to sleep and they
put me remote in dogs it is that
literally it is not a [ __ ] [ __ ]
and then I got angry at them and then I
got angry at them
and then I got angry at him and I tell him that on
top of that the friend has to pay me or in other words he has to
pay me
then I find out and I see in a
sal se vale channel that he has sent to the uncle sur
the screenshot of our group
the
screenshot of our group be of the group
of cha valeri to info where we are
compiling the information for the
videos the live well he has taken with
all his support to paulo
the screenshots that caribe sends me and he
has sent them to the faithful south but not that
he has sent them the screenshot so that the
uncle south occurs to him no no has
paulo made a doc
to the uncle south
with me with my info of my video
and he wants to charge I got
angry at him I said give me here
the dog s that achieved the time of the night
the video of miner and last night before
last night degree were the  video of the night the
best thing about the video of sending is that it
was one of the last of jabil canino
that has not done a [ __ ] [ __ ] is that
everything is sent to me by air
to [ __ ] [ __ ]
that the [ __ ] [ __ ]
of everything has evolved a much
more business side everything has evolved a
side where the creators are
gigantic figures that have companies that have
advertising brands that have
everything they have behind them and I think that it
is also good in the end we
cannot always remain locked in
2010 I do not believe
that life evolves and that we
must understand this evolution as something
normal we cannot always stay with
the examples of poor quality gluten and we
cannot always be without Twitter,
without Instagram, without WhatsApp and without the
world advancing so I think that it is a
natural part of everything that has changed
all this but I wanted you to be
aware of where I come from, from
everything I have seen, from everything I have
lived, from everything I have had to put
up with, there are people who tell me and vice versa if you
criticize ccoo and get angry next
house that today I do not care at all and
what matters most to me is that it is not an idiot
because I  I've been living on the internet
since 2010 man I've experienced everything they've
insulted me they've tried to
trip me from 2010 to 2010 half of 2010
by me
I was
on land in the land chat I was
short 15
I was short 15 and oh
yeah I was short 15 does that
mean that was the year 2000
short 15 on land you
had to install well you could enter
directly from terra.es but you had to
install a program more flight on
the computer which was israel rl I think it was
called and rl I think sucking paulo
in joke of the year wants I'm not going to
block from here I send things I didn't
manipulate from here
oh look a tweet
today
another tweet
and another tweet
what a great contribution to the truth
sorry I was wrong with you in
three tweets that I have not included by the
way in the video
and 13m and rc and fakes word me who put the
text in colors that before even at
that time
to the tutoring of the server of  IRC
okay the server and within the server
that we could be on earth
most of the people on the internet
within the server each hashtag was a
chat
okay so we had our
chats that were called like that
the king of my group okay had it a couple
of moderators and all the rest and that was
where you had to find that in
the god it
seems to me
host
[Applause]
this program was day
hello guys if you saw the video the other
day in which we were commenting on something to
cut down people so let's go you
got into the server you
see it every even in Alicante of
hard sex that nowadays today the
hashtag is like a label that is
added to obstruct to attract some people
until then it was a
pipe room up to Seville to Madrid and they
were mother rooms look here you have travel
to Seville you see it and we put a
title here of colors and they were channels
that people were finding and they were
entering
a city I remember in Seville rhyme
hard and now inside each one to see if to
enter or not it will
not enter because how can the
boy have this recorded
by  here are the knicks next to them and those
who were of a certain color were
moderators I don't know what the [ __ ] this what what
what a shame man what a shame the youth you
have I have lost the things you know the
things you know the lost of the world
it still exists there are
people wanting me to leave like a [ __ ] piece of
[ __ ] they have made hundreds of videos about me they have made
hundreds of news about me they have made
hundreds of debates about me who
really cares no no it's not
new to me I know what this world is like I
grew up in the role which is probably
one of the most toxic communities in
certain aspects
I have known youtube since 2010 since I was
14 I am in the war
obviously there are times it was like all
informed of who I mean you in you' was
then in your entity I was with
us subtracting with lorena there were 30 and
still when the little one with lorena there
were 30 and was still talking in
2008 you feel later accounts like more
modern much more modern than that you in
you' was the first social network
puente was the first social network well I do
n't know if there would be another I don't know without facebook
lover that tuenti for whom  Spain the
strong one was Tuenti
the strong one strong for the canis and for
the youth and the teenagers it was Tuenti
Facebook was like for the old for
older people things and you know how very
such was you in you' of all life
stories those of game warm up
moments in which I can make mistakes
of course but do not worry that
I am hardened in general so no no no no
worry that no that I have not been a
streamer for two years
really this job comes comes from
before
therefore really that well I
simply encourage you that if you like
streamer do it if you like something in
life do it as I always tell you
for me the best thing you can do in
life is always have an alternative to
what you like the most if for example you
love streamer you love to dance or you
love being a lol player or you love
being a soccer player do it and pursue
your dream but they always have an
alternative on their left they have a
plan b in case that goes wrong plan b
can be studying English
plan b is can be going to university
the plan can be to do a
medium degree the plan  b could be taking a
voice-over course there's always a
help plan for your father at work for a few
hours that he pays you a little because you're helping him out
and you keep following your
dream of course but always think
about him just in case okay for me it's always
worked with a just in case they don't let me
study until I had my first
work contract on the table
because I said just in case and when I started
working to a certain extent I
even regretted stopping studying because
although now I can live off this because I
stopped studying I know many cases
that have continued not studying but
training many of you understand when I say
study how to go to university and
study law
burning the climb having to look I'm
going to look at the group who's sucking
clicks
says says
and goes there he compares the salsero from years ago
with the one from now and then comments that
the salsero is no longer affected by the criticism
towards places we're going to forgive them
because celia places but come on it was
bait he doesn't talk about that those were the only two phrases
to say about the salsero
quite quite me but okay
okay this one treats very well
[Music]
then